cfx/server: add IS_PED_A_PLAYER (#281)
citizenfx/natives: CFX/IsPedAPlayer.md

---
ns: PED
apiset: server
---
## IS_PED_A_PLAYER

```c
BOOL IS_PED_A_PLAYER(Ped ped);
```

> ```
> Returns true if the given ped is a player.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This native checks if the given ped is a player.
```

## Parameters
* **ped**: 

> ## Return value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Return value

Returns `true` if the ped is a player, `false` otherwise.

```
